feat: add vearch module (#2560)
testcontainers/testcontainers-go: docs/modules/vearch.md

# Vearch

> Since testcontainers-go <a href="https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go/releases/tag/v0.29.0"><span class="tc-version">:material-tag: v0.29.0</span></a>

Reviewer: I think you copy pasted from another module. I'd suggest running the module generator tool and check what files it produces:
```suggestion
Not available until the next release of testcontainers-go <a href="https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go"><span class="tc-version">:material-tag: main</span></a>
```

## Introduction

The Testcontainers module for Vearch.

## Adding this module to your project dependencies

Please run the following command to add the Vearch module to your Go dependencies:

```
go get github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go/modules/vearch
```

## Usage example

<!--codeinclude-->

> [Creating a Vearch container](../../modules/Vearch/examples_test.go) inside_block:runVearchContainer

Reviewer: This path needs to be case sensitive, otherwise mkdocs will complain and not build the docs site:
```suggestion
[Creating a Vearch container](../../modules/vearch/examples_test.go) inside_block:runVearchContainer
```
